error code consistency for buffers (#1450)
KhronosGroup/OpenCL-Docs: api/opencl_runtime_layer.asciidoc

if the function is executed successfully.
Otherwise, they return one of the following errors:

  * {CL_INVALID_COMMAND_QUEUE}
    ** if _command_queue_ is not a valid host command-queue
  * {CL_INVALID_CONTEXT}
    ** if the context associated with _command_queue_ and _buffer_ are not the same
    ** if the context associated with _command_queue_ and events in _event_wait_list_ are not the same
  * {CL_INVALID_MEM_OBJECT}
    ** if _buffer_ is not a valid buffer object
  * {CL_INVALID_VALUE}
    ** if _buffer_origin_, _host_origin_, or _region_ is `NULL`
    ** if the region being read or written specified by _buffer_origin_, _region_, _buffer_row_pitch_, and _buffer_slice_pitch_ is out of bounds
    ** if any _region_ array element is zero
    ** if _buffer_row_pitch_ is not equal to zero and is less than _region_[0]

>     ** if _buffer_slice_pitch_ is not equal to zero and is less than the_region_[1] times _buffer_row_pitch_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** if _buffer_slice_pitch_ is not equal to zero and is less than _region_[1] times _buffer_row_pitch_
```

there was also `{times}` rather than `times` before, not sure if that was intentional.

Author: Yeah, the change from `{times}` to `times` was intentional.

We have a number of different "conventions" throughout the spec, ranging from `*` to `X` to `{times}` (which expands to something like `X`) to the text `times`.  I think text descriptions like `times` is the most descriptive, so I've been trying to switch to it more consistently, though I'm sure this will be an ongoing process.

successfully.
Otherwise, it returns one of the following errors:

  * {CL_INVALID_COMMAND_QUEUE}
    ** if _command_queue_ is not a valid host command-queue
  * {CL_INVALID_CONTEXT}
    ** if the context associated with _command_queue_ and _buffer_ are not the same
    ** if the context associated with _command_queue_ and events in _event_wait_list_ are not the same
  * {CL_INVALID_MEM_OBJECT}
    ** if _buffer_ is not a valid buffer object
  * {CL_INVALID_VALUE}

>     ** if the region being read or written specified by _offset_ and _size_ is out of bounds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ** if the region being filled specified by _offset_ and _size_ is out of bounds
```

Author: Gah, too much copy-paste.  Thanks!
